less than a day after Hamas submitted
its response to a potential Gaza
ceasefire plan US Secretary of State
Anthony blinkin arrived in Israel hoping
to build on that momentum but hours
after meeting with prime minister
Benjamin Netanyahu Israel all but
rejected the current framework for a
cessation of
hostilities now is the time for the
Israeli Defense Forces to allow safe
corridors for the residents of Rafa we
shall continue destroying the
capabilities of Hamas until we achieve
that and I emphasize we have no other
option but decisive
Victory Hamas for its part said that
unlike Israel they had taken a positive
approach to the ceasefire
proposal Netanyahu and his government
are seeking to continue to mislead the
public opinion in Israel and to prolong
its aggression despite the losses
they're sustaining in personnel and
equipment with the attempts to the war
seemingly at a standstill one
significant point of contention
continues to be whether any agreed to
ceasefire would be permanent despite the
Diplomatic setbacks at a press
conference in Tel Aviv linkoln insisted
a ceasefire deal between Israel and
Hamas was still a possibility good
evening we had an opportunity today to
discuss with the Israeli government the
response that Hamas sent last night to
the proposal that the United States
cutter and Egypt had put together uh to
bring the remaining hostages home and
extend the humanitarian pause um what I
can tell you about these discussions is
that while there are some clear
non-starters in hamas's response uh we
do think it creates space for agreement
to be reached and we will work at that
relentlessly until we get there it was
an intense day of talks for America's
top Diplomat at the end of it Anthony
blink did offer a positive outlook on
ultimately finding a path to peace but
he also gave few details about how
America now envisions finding a way to
end the war Muhammad jamj Al jaaz Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer